QUICK_START_DEPLOYMENT.md, before:

# 🚀 Quick Start: Deploy in 5 Minutes

## Step 1: Create GitHub Account
- Go to https://github.com/signup
- Create a free account

## Step 2: Create Repository
- Go to https://github.com/new
- Name: `opencore-dispatch`
- Make it **Public**
- Click "Create repository"

## Step 3: Push Your Code

Open PowerShell in your project folder:

```powershell
# Replace YOUR_USERNAME with your actual GitHub username
git remote add origin https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/opencore-dispatch.git
git branch -M main
git push -u origin main
```

## Step 4: Deploy to Netlify (Easiest!)

1. Go to https://www.netlify.com/
2. Click "Sign up with GitHub"
3. Click "Add new site" → "Import an existing project"
4. Choose "GitHub"
5. Select `opencore-dispatch`
6. Click "Deploy site"

**Done! Your site is live!** 🎉

Your URL will be something like: `https://random-name.netlify.app`

## Step 5: Customize Your URL (Optional)

In Netlify:
- Go to Site settings → Domain management
- Click "Options" → "Edit site name"
- Change to: `opencore-dispatch`
- Your new URL: `https://opencore-dispatch.netlify.app`

---

## 📝 To Update Your Blog Later

```powershell
# Make your changes, then:
git add .
git commit -m "Your update message"
git push
```

Netlify will automatically rebuild and deploy! ✨

---

## 🆘 Need Help?

See the full `DEPLOYMENT.md` guide for:
- Alternative hosting options (GitHub Pages, Vercel)
- Custom domain setup
- Troubleshooting
- Advanced configuration

Commit message:

Fix GitHub Pages asset URLs

QUICK_START_DEPLOYMENT.md, after:

# 🚀 Quick Start: Deploy in 5 Minutes

## Step 1: Create GitHub Account
- Go to https://github.com/signup
- Create a free account

## Step 2: Create Repository
- Go to https://github.com/new
- Name: `opencore-dispatch`
- Make it **Public**
- Click "Create repository"

## Step 3: Push Your Code

Open PowerShell in your project folder:

```powershell
# Replace YOUR_USERNAME with your actual GitHub username
git remote add origin https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/opencore-dispatch.git
git branch -M main
git push -u origin main
```

## Step 4: Deploy to GitHub Pages (Easiest!)

1. Update `src/_data/site.json` so `url` points to
   `https://YOUR_USERNAME.github.io/opencore-dispatch` (or your custom domain).
2. Push your code to GitHub (from Step 3).
3. Open your repository in the browser and go to **Settings → Pages**.
4. Under **Build and deployment**, choose **GitHub Actions** as the source.
5. Head to the **Actions** tab, open the "Deploy site" workflow, and click
   **Run workflow**. Approve the prompt the first time it runs.

**Done! Your site is live!** 🎉

Your URL will be: `https://YOUR_USERNAME.github.io/opencore-dispatch/`

> The workflow detects whether you are publishing to `YOUR_USERNAME.github.io`
> or a repository page and sets Eleventy's `pathPrefix` automatically, so all
> links keep working.

## Step 5: Customize Your URL (Optional)

In GitHub Pages:
- Go to **Settings → Pages**
- Add a **Custom domain** (e.g. `blog.example.com`)
- Update your DNS `CNAME` record to point to `YOUR_USERNAME.github.io.`
- GitHub will automatically provision HTTPS once DNS resolves

---

## 📝 To Update Your Blog Later

```powershell
# Make your changes, then:
git add .
git commit -m "Your update message"
git push
```

GitHub Pages will automatically rebuild and deploy! ✨

---

## 🆘 Need Help?

See the full `DEPLOYMENT.md` guide for:
- Alternative hosting options (Vercel, Cloudflare Pages)
- Custom domain setup
- Troubleshooting
- Advanced configuration
