README.md, before:

# OpenCore Dispatch

A blog focused on RISC-V processors, FPGA development, Zephyr RTOS, and open source hardware tools.

## About

OpenCore Dispatch is dedicated to sharing knowledge about:
- 🔧 RISC-V Development
- ⚡ FPGA Design with Open Source Tools
- 🚀 Zephyr RTOS
- 🛠️ Open Source Hardware Tools

## Tech Stack

- **Static Site Generator**: [Eleventy](https://www.11ty.dev/)
- **Template Engine**: Nunjucks
- **Styling**: Custom CSS
- **Hosting**: GitHub Pages / Vercel / Cloudflare Pages

## Local Development

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18 or higher
- npm

### Installation

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/opencore-dispatch.git
cd opencore-dispatch

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Run development server
npm run dev
```

The site will be available at `http://localhost:8081/`

## Building for Production

```bash
npm run build
```

The built site will be in the `_site` directory.

## Project Structure

```
.
├── src/
│   ├── _data/          # Global data files
│   ├── _includes/      # Layout templates
│   ├── assets/         # CSS and static assets
│   ├── posts/          # Blog posts (Markdown)
│   ├── about.njk       # About page
│   ├── contact.njk     # Contact page
│   ├── index.njk       # Homepage
│   └── posts.njk       # Posts archive
├── .eleventy.js        # Eleventy configuration
├── package.json        # Dependencies and scripts
└── .github/
    └── workflows/      # GitHub Actions workflows
```

## Writing Posts

Create a new Markdown file in `src/posts/`:

```markdown
---
layout: layouts/base.njk
title: "Your Post Title"
description: "A brief description"
date: 2025-10-26
tags: ["risc-v", "fpga"]
---

# Your Post Title

Your content here...
```

## Deployment

### Vercel (Recommended)

Vercel gives you a zero-config deployment for Eleventy.

1. Push your code to GitHub (or another Git provider Vercel supports).
2. Sign up at [Vercel](https://vercel.com/) (or log in).
3. Click **Add New... → Project** and import your repository.
4. When prompted, keep the default build command `npm run build` and output
   directory `_site`, then deploy.
5. After the first deploy, update `src/_data/site.json` so the `url` matches your
   production domain (for example `https://opencore-dispatch.vercel.app`).

This repository includes a `vercel.json` file that pins the Node.js runtime and
ensures Vercel publishes the `_site` directory generated by Eleventy.

### GitHub Pages

If you prefer GitHub Pages, create your own deployment workflow or use a static
hosting action to upload the `_site` output directory. Remember to adjust any
paths if you publish to a project page (`https://username.github.io/repo`).

### Cloudflare Pages

1. Push your code to GitHub.
2. In Cloudflare Pages, create a new project and connect your repository.
3. Set the build command to `npm run build` and the output directory to `_site`.
4. Save and deploy.

> **Newsletter form note:** This starter is configured for third-party form
> providers. Update `forms.newsletter.endpoint` in `src/_data/site.json` to point
> to your service (for example a [Formspree](https://formspree.io/) endpoint) if
> you want to collect email addresses.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Feel free to:
- Suggest topics for future posts
- Submit guest articles
- Report issues or improvements

## License

MIT License - feel free to use this template for your own blog!

## Contact

- GitHub: [yourusername](https://github.com/yourusername)
- Twitter: [@yourusername](https://twitter.com/yourusername)

---

Built with ❤️ using [Eleventy](https://www.11ty.dev/)

Commit message:

Restore GitHub Pages workflow and path prefix support

README.md, after:

# OpenCore Dispatch

A blog focused on RISC-V processors, FPGA development, Zephyr RTOS, and open source hardware tools.

## About

OpenCore Dispatch is dedicated to sharing knowledge about:
- 🔧 RISC-V Development
- ⚡ FPGA Design with Open Source Tools
- 🚀 Zephyr RTOS
- 🛠️ Open Source Hardware Tools

## Tech Stack

- **Static Site Generator**: [Eleventy](https://www.11ty.dev/)
- **Template Engine**: Nunjucks
- **Styling**: Custom CSS
- **Hosting**: GitHub Pages / Vercel / Cloudflare Pages

## Local Development

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18 or higher
- npm

### Installation

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/opencore-dispatch.git
cd opencore-dispatch

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Run development server
npm run dev
```

The site will be available at `http://localhost:8081/`

## Building for Production

```bash
npm run build
```

The built site will be in the `_site` directory.

To preview the GitHub Pages build locally, run Eleventy with the same path prefix that Pages uses:

```bash
ELEVENTY_PATH_PREFIX=/YOUR_REPO_NAME npm run build
```

The GitHub Actions workflow in this repository calculates the prefix automatically during CI, so you only need this when testing locally.

## Project Structure

```
.
├── src/
│   ├── _data/          # Global data files
│   ├── _includes/      # Layout templates
│   ├── assets/         # CSS and static assets
│   ├── posts/          # Blog posts (Markdown)
│   ├── about.njk       # About page
│   ├── contact.njk     # Contact page
│   ├── index.njk       # Homepage
│   └── posts.njk       # Posts archive
├── .eleventy.js        # Eleventy configuration
├── package.json        # Dependencies and scripts
└── .github/
    └── workflows/      # GitHub Actions workflows
```

## Writing Posts

Create a new Markdown file in `src/posts/`:

```markdown
---
layout: layouts/base.njk
title: "Your Post Title"
description: "A brief description"
date: 2025-10-26
tags: ["risc-v", "fpga"]
---

# Your Post Title

Your content here...
```

## Deployment

### Vercel (Recommended)

Vercel gives you a zero-config deployment for Eleventy.

1. Push your code to GitHub (or another Git provider Vercel supports).
2. Sign up at [Vercel](https://vercel.com/) (or log in).
3. Click **Add New... → Project** and import your repository.
4. When prompted, keep the default build command `npm run build` and output
   directory `_site`, then deploy.
5. After the first deploy, update `src/_data/site.json` so the `url` matches your
   production domain (for example `https://opencore-dispatch.vercel.app`).

This repository includes a `vercel.json` file that pins the Node.js runtime and
ensures Vercel publishes the `_site` directory generated by Eleventy.

### GitHub Pages (Maintained Workflow Included)

This repository includes `.github/workflows/deploy.yml`, which builds the site
on every push to `main` and publishes it to GitHub Pages.

1. Push the repository to GitHub.
2. In **Settings → Pages**, choose **GitHub Actions** as the source (the first
   run of the workflow does this automatically).
3. Update `src/_data/site.json` → `url` to match the Pages domain
   (for project sites this is usually
   `https://YOUR_USERNAME.github.io/YOUR_REPO`).

The workflow detects whether the site is a user/org page or a project page and
exports the appropriate `ELEVENTY_PATH_PREFIX` so internal links work without
manual tweaks.

### Cloudflare Pages

1. Push your code to GitHub.
2. In Cloudflare Pages, create a new project and connect your repository.
3. Set the build command to `npm run build` and the output directory to `_site`.
4. Save and deploy.

> **Newsletter form note:** This starter is configured for third-party form
> providers. Update `forms.newsletter.endpoint` in `src/_data/site.json` to point
> to your service (for example a [Formspree](https://formspree.io/) endpoint) if
> you want to collect email addresses.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Feel free to:
- Suggest topics for future posts
- Submit guest articles
- Report issues or improvements

## License

MIT License - feel free to use this template for your own blog!

## Contact

- GitHub: [yourusername](https://github.com/yourusername)
- Twitter: [@yourusername](https://twitter.com/yourusername)

---

Built with ❤️ using [Eleventy](https://www.11ty.dev/)
